Jupyter(Hub) conceptual intro (#2726)
jupyterhub/jupyterhub: docs/source/index.rst

* an **authentication class** that manages how users can access the system

> Besides these central pieces, you can add optional configurations through a `config.py` file and manage users kernels on an admin panel. A very detailed explination can be found in ":doc:`What is JupyteHub? <getting-started/what-is-jupyterhub>`". A simplification of the whole system can be seen in the figure below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides these central pieces, you can add optional configurations through a `config.py` file and manage users kernels on an admin panel. A very detailed explanation can be found in "[What is JupyteHub?](getting-started/what-is-jupyterhub)". A simplification of the whole system can be seen in the figure below:
```

Reviewer: put the subsystems at the top so that users have that context as they're reading the docs
